Add Copilot instructions (#8189)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# GitHub Copilot Instructions

> These instructions summarize the DevExpress/devextreme-documentation repository so you can make efficient, correct suggestions with minimal exploratory searching. Trust these instructions first; only search if information is missing or proves inaccurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions summarize the DevExpress/devextreme-documentation repository so you can make efficient, correct suggestions with minimal exploratory searching. Trust these instructions first; search only if certain information is missing or proves inaccurate.
```

> This repository contains the source Markdown, embedded sample applications, images, and reusable include fragments for the public DevExtreme documentation site: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains source Markdown files, embedded sample applications, images, and reusable include fragments for the public DevExtreme documentation site: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/.
```

> It is a content + light tooling project (not a compiled application). Your typical changes will involve:

Reviewer: Of what do we speak here?

> It is a content + light tooling project

I'm unsure what do we mean by "it".

Author: Of the repo. I'll change it

> - Reviewing the style consistency and grammar of documentation content. The documentation content is straightforward technical writing aimed at developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewing style consistency and grammar of documentation content. The documentation content is straightforward technical writing targeting software developer audience.
```

> - Reviewing the consistency and accuracy of links used in documentation content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewing link/reference consistency and accuracy in documentation content.
```

> - Reviewing the style consistency of code samples (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/TypeScript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewing style consistency of code samples (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/TypeScript).
```

> - Reviewing the technical accuracy of code samples (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/TypeScript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewing technical accuracy of code samples (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/TypeScript).
```

> What you need to do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What do you need to do:
```

- You will review Pull Requests (PRs) submitted by contributors.
- You will leave comments on PRs when you spot issues.

> - YOU WILL NOT SUBMIT PRS YOURSELF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What you will not do:
- YOU WILL NOT SUBMIT PRS YOURSELF.
```

- YOU WILL NOT WRITE NEW DOCUMENTATION CONTENT YOURSELF.

When reviewing PRs, please follow these guidelines:

When reviewing documentation content:

> 1. Use American English spelling and grammar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow American English spelling and grammar.
```

> 2. Use active voice and present tense. Prefer active sentences with clear subject and verb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use active voice and present tense. Prefer active sentences with clear subject, object, and verb.
```

3. Use consistent terminology (refer to existing documentation).

> 4. Do not use contractions; expand them fully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Do not use contractions and elisions; prefer full/complete wording versions.
```

> 5. All the headings should use Title Case. Do not use end punctuation at the end of headings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. All the headings should use Title Case. Do not use end punctuation (a period) at the end of headings.
```

# GitHub Copilot Instructions

These instructions summarize the DevExpress/devextreme-documentation repository so you can make efficient, correct suggestions with minimal exploratory searching. Trust these instructions first; search only if certain information is missing or proves inaccurate.

This repository contains source Markdown files, embedded sample applications, images, and reusable include fragments for the public DevExtreme documentation site: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/.

> It is a content + light tooling project (not a compiled application). Your typical changes will involve:

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is a content + light tooling project (not a compiled application). Your typical changes will involve:
```
